(Singer) Check, check. There we go.
That's good.
Okay, we're going to start now.
Thanks for coming out, everybody.
[owl sounds, insects, soft clapping]
[synthesizer note]
[owl sounds]
[traffic sounds]
[train crossing bells]
[shaker sounds]
[traffic, crossing bells]
[keyboards, shaker, crossing bells]
[owls, soft keyboards, shaker, insects]
[crossing bells, owls,
shaker, synthesizer]
[crossing bells, keyboards, owls]
[train air brake purging sound,
crossing bells, shaker]
[owls, distant train horn,
crossing bells, purging sound]
[bass drum and bass guitar, shaker, owls]
[crossing bells, distant train horn]
[music plays softly, distant train horn]
[music plays, crossing bells, owls]
[bass drum and bass guitar, train horn]
[shaker, owls, insects, keyboards]
[bass drum and bass guitar, owls, shaker]
[train engine moving slowly, music plays]
[bass drum and guitar,
crossing bells, shaker]
[train engine moving slowly,
train bells, music plays]
[bass drum and bass guitar,
train sounds, owls]
[music plays, owls, train sounds]
[bass drum and bass guitar, keyboards,
synthesizer, shaker]
[owls, train sounds, music plays]
[bass drum and bass guitar, shaker, owls]
[bass drum and bass guitar,
synthesizer, insects]
[soft drums, owls, shaker,
synthesizer, keyboards]
[music plays, owls, insects]
[keyboards, shaker,
soft drums, bass guitar]
[music plays, owl sounds, insects]
[music plays, indistinct radio chatter,
train horn]
[train horns, saxophone plays,
crossing bells]
[saxophone plays, approaching train horns]
[music plays, train horns, crossing bells]
[electric guitar riffs, owl sounds,
train horns]
[music plays, crossing bells,
wheels on tracks]
[high pitch squeal of
[music plays, approaching train horn,
wheels on tracks]
[human voice mimics train horn: Ooaaaah]
[music plays, train horn approaches,
then passes by]
[music plays, crossing bells,
fast wheels on tracks]
(human voice) Whoa. Oh my god.
[wheels on tracks]
(Voice) Dude.
[fast wheels on tracks, music plays]
(Voice) Oh my god. Holy crap.
[music plays, owls, wheels on tracks]
(Voice) Oh my god.
[wheels on tracks]
(Voice) Ohhaah.
[owls]
[fast wheels on tracks, music plays,
bells ring]
(Voice) Oooaaaaaah.
(Voice) Oaaaaahhhhhh.
[fast wheels roll rhythmically on tracks]
[music fades out]
[owls]
(Voice) Ooaahahahooaah. Ohhh.
[owls, wheels on tracks]
(Voice) Ohhhaha
[crossing bells]
(Voice) Nice.
[music stops]
[fast wheels on tracks grow quieter]
[steady sound of wheels on tracks]
[fast wheels stop]
[owls, wheels on tracks, train sounds]
[owls, insects, wheels on tracks]
[owls, insects, wheels on tracks fade out]